Add a file for May 31, 2024 (#6)
hyperledger/iroha-news: 2024-05-31.md

Dear Iroha Community,

It's time for us to share some updates on the progress of Iroha. We've made major strides towards [`2.0.0-rc.1`](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/milestone/4) over the past two weeks:

> Singular and iterable queries have been separated into their own traits: users can no longer add filters, sorting, batching or pagination to singular queries at compile time (this was a runtime error previously). The permission schema has been generalized, making it part of the customizable executor data model – this enables implementation of user-defined instructions, parameters, and metadata. Configuration system has been greatly improved through a new `ConfigReader` API, its debuggability enhanced via better error-reporting and logging. Finally, Iroha crates and binaries have been renamed: `irohad` for the peer crate/binary, `iroha` for the client crate/CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Singular and iterable queries have been separated into their own traits: users can no longer add filters, sorting, batching or pagination to singular queries at compile time (this was a runtime error previously). The permission schema has been generalized, making it part of the customizable executor data model – this prepares a foundation to implement user-defined instructions, parameters, and metadata. Configuration system has been greatly improved through a new `ConfigReader` API, its debuggability enhanced via better error-reporting and logging. Finally, Iroha crates and binaries have been renamed: `irohad` for the peer crate/binary, `iroha` for the client crate/CLI.
```
